In the last lecture, we refactored our code so that we have this checkWin function checking if we are
lost or won and that we also have a new function for calculating the damage.
With that, the attack function is working fine,
we now want to implement the special attack. I can generally copy the code from up here, as a side note
always a good sign that you can refactor something,
but for here I will leave it like this and I'll set up this to deal damage between 10 and 20 since it is our
special attack.
Now in here, I of course also want to check if we won after dealing this special attack here and there
after, we again want the monster to attack and this should always deal the same damage,
so I can copy the code from up there.
And yeah we get some code duplication here, especially the monster attack which is always the same, deals
the same damage,
that is something we might outsource,
yes we could also refactored the player damage but I will leave it here so that we can quickly see what
each attack does
but I definitely want to refactor the monster damage. So let's do this, I'll add a new function which I'll
name monsterAttacks,
this is a function here and in this function here, I simply copy in the code I just copied where I reduced
the player health and deal this damage.
This now means that here where the monster dealt damage, I can now simply execute this monsterAttacks
like that, here
too, and with this in place, let's have a look at the application again.
Let's start attack, special attack, dealing more damage, yeah we're clearly winning here,
you won,
new game. Works just as well as before,
now with an extra attack and the monster damage now also refactored
to have a bit more cleaner code.
Next we want to implement the healing and go away from dealing damage to healing damage.